Then...then...Madam...why are you here...It's all Li Jiaojiao's things that are messing with me...
He did everything he did... You said... this is Jiao Jiao... old lady... even if I am Li Jiao Jiao
My stepmother... As long as she messes around with men and women... I also want to be 1.7 meters older... Li Jiaojiao...
Why don't you take off your brain... Do you dare to do this randomly... I'll give you a sentence to realize this.
Words...Li Jiaojiao...you...the dead girl of the house...in front of everyone today...
I'll give you some visibility... Don't think about it... He Hui... Didn't you say we want to kiss each other...
Why...I regret it...
Does he catch your eye?
Aren’t these activities about to begin?
Why are you afraid of being in my grandma’s eyes?
Why is it you?